>> The first public UFO hearing
on Capitol Hill in more than 50
years.
What we learned, and
what was left out.
>> People who came out of that
closed session looked like they
had seen a ghost.
>> This is Gaia News.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> A historic public hearing
this week on Capitol Hill,
as the House Intelligence
Counterterrorism,
Counterintelligence,
and Counterproliferation
subcommittee held the first
open UFO hearing since 1966.
This hearing comes after some
lawmakers were reportedly not
impressed by the
classified briefings
they had received as part of the
National Defense Authorization
Act.
In his opening
statement, Scott Bray,
the Deputy Director of Naval
Intelligence, had this to say.
>> We have seen an increasing
number of unauthorized and/or
unidentified aircraft or objects
in military-controlled training
areas and training ranges,
and other designated airspace.
Reports of sightings are
frequent and continuing.
>> He went on to say one of the
reasons they have more reports
is because of their work
to destigmatize the idea
of reporting UFOs, and putting
into place a system to report
them.
Despite there being
no major revelations,
there were several notable
moments in the hearing.
Here to break them
down is Cheryl Costa.
She served as a US Navy senior
electronic warfare specialist,
and is author of the "UFO
Sightings Desk Reference."
>> Destigmatizing in the
military would be great--
the fact that somebody
could report this data.
OK?
I worked as an electronics
signals analyst in the Navy,
and our job was to report
as much information
as we could gather on everybody.
OK?
And so from the viewpoint of
the fact that we, for 50 years,
it was a stigma not to
report this stuff that
could get you grounded.
It wasn't a brilliant
idea, because at this point
in the game if we have not been
collecting that information,
which it seems to
be we haven't been,
we're 50 years behind
the eight ball.
>> Chairman Schiff brought up
reports of aircraft showing
abnormal flight characteristics.
>> Are we aware of any foreign
adversary capable of moving
objects without any discernible
means of propulsion?
>> I think I would--
without discernible
means of propulsion?
I would say that we're not
aware of any adversary that
can move an object
without discernible means
of propulsion.
>> Which begs the question,
if it's not an adversary,
then what is it?
>> They have-- and I'm going
to quote Lue Elizondo on this--
that they've made a
generational leap in technology.
Yeah.
We better be paying attention.
OK?
But these things
have been flying--
see, this is the stupid
thing about the fact
that they put the stigma
on this back 50 years ago
and say, oh, there's
nothing to see here.
You know?
OK?
These things have
been flying circles
around our aircraft
since World War II.
>> And there was this exchange
when Congressman Gallagher
asked about UFO interference
around US nuclear missile
sites.
>> It's also been reported that
there have been UAP observed
and interacting with and
flying over sensitive military
facilities, particularly--
and not just ranges,
but some facilities housing
our strategic nuclear forces.
One such incident allegedly
occurred at Malmstrom Air Force
Base, in which 10 of our nuclear
ICBMs were rendered inoperable.
At the same time a glowing
red orb was observed overhead.
I'm not commenting on
the accuracy of this.
I'm simply asking you
whether you're aware of it
and whether you have any comment
on the accuracy of that report.
>> Let me pass that to Mr. Bray.
You've been looking at UAPs
over the last three years.
>> Yeah.
That data is not within the
holdings of the UAP task force.
>> That's a big deal.
Because they've
been shutting down
our missiles since the
'50s, '60s, '70s, '80s.
While the articles have run
out in the news circuit,
nobody seems to
be upset by that.
>> And Congressman
Krishnamoorthi brought up
something many
wanted to hear about,
but was quickly dismissed.
>> How about wreckage?
Have we come across any
wreckage of any kind of object
that has now been
examined by you?
>> The UAP task force doesn't
have any wreckage that
isn't explainable, that
isn't consistent with being
of terrestrial origin.
>> We're on the public--
they were doing the
public side of that thing,
then they went into
a closed session.
OK?
I mean, there are
security issues there.
And if they've got this thing
classified a certain way,
the congressmen are
only going to see it
if they get into this
private, closed session.
And somebody, another
reporter told me
that the people who came
out of that closed session
looked like they
had seen a ghost.
There's the soft story
they're doing out in public,
soft peddling this
thing, and then there's--
the people in Congress are
getting a stronger briefing.
>> As required by the National
Defense Authorization Act,
we should expect
more public hearings.
What does Costa hope to see?
>> Oh, I'm just excited
to see where this goes.
I hope this isn't just wrapped
up at the end of the week.
OK, we talked to all the
pilots and the spooks.
You know?
I hope it doesn't
end up like that.
I really do hope that
they expand this and look
at it carefully.
And I think this is what
people are looking at now,
is would you be square with us?
>> For a new perspective,
this is Gaia News.
For more information
on this topic,
check out this content on Gaia.